Virtual Machines:
1. Use the hypervisor to emulate real hardware.
2. Can take up a lot of space.
3. Require you to install or configure OS



Docker Machine Challeges:
Docker machine uses Oracle virual Box whose only purpose is to run Docker

Slower than Docker on Linux
Docker Desktop is released to address this issue.

Docker Desktop:
Uses much smaller and more tightly integrated virtual Machines
Automatically handles volume and network port mapping
Comes with a really nice GUI

Colima, Rancher Desktop and Podan are examples of Docker Desktop alternatives.

Install Docker Desktop from Docker.inc

There are 2 ways to create container
1. Long way
2. Short way

1. Long way:
    Command: docker container create --help
    -This command gives all the options of creating a container.
      
    Creating first container using powershell:
    command: docker container create hello-world:linux 
    - This will create container and returns an id of the container
    - Every container will have an id to uniquely identify
    - this command creates container but does start them.

    Command: docker ps
    -This will list all the containers
    -At this time the above container is not seen because 'docker ps' only returns the active containers.

    Command: docker ps --all
    - Will return all the containers

    To start the container follow the below command
    Command: docker container start container_id
    Ex: docker container start 98693d79856a567d58d504b744bd71013e20f75047c49e11d1a5ccda9a313e8f
    
    - Now th go with 'docker ps' command we can see the conatiner status as 'exited'

    Now to see the logs of the container enter below command and with first 2 letters of container_id
    Command: docker logs 986
    -This will display the message from the container

    Command: docker container start --attach 986
    -This will show the terminal result along with starting the container



2. Short way
    Command: docker run hello-world:linux
    - Creates a new one then runs it with attach
    docker run = docker container create + docker container start + docker container attach




